README.md, before:

# Awesome Cozmo [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of awesome Anki Cozmo projects and resources. Feel free to contribute!

- [SDK](#sdk)
- [Tools](#tools)
- [Projects](#projects)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Community](#community)

---

# SDK
* [cozmo-python-sdk](https://github.com/anki/cozmo-python-sdk) - Anki Cozmo - Python SDK
* [cozmo-csharp-sdk](https://github.com/anki/cozmo-csharp-sdk) - Anki Cozmo CSharp SDK

# Tools
*  [cozmo-tools](https://github.com/touretzkyds/cozmo-tools) - Tools for programming Anki's Cozmo robot.
*  [Cozmo-Explorer-Tool](https://github.com/GrinningHermit/Cozmo-Explorer-Tool) - Tool for monitoring events, watching the camera feed and test animations of Anki's robot Cozmo
*  [Cozmo-Animation-Explorer](https://github.com/GrinningHermit/Cozmo-Animation-Explorer) - Web interface to test all animations of the robot Cozmo from Anki
*  [ScratchCozmoSDK](https://github.com/madfrog54321/ScratchCozmoSDK) - Scratch extension to program the Cozmo robot from Anki
*  [scratch-cozmo-extension](https://github.com/khanning/scratch-cozmo-extension) - Test ScratchX extension for Cozmo robot from Anki
*  [cozmo-slack](https://github.com/codeaid-dev/cozmo-slack) - You can control Cozmo by Slack


# Projects
*  [cozmo_driver](https://github.com/OTL/cozmo_driver) - Anki cozmo ROS driver
*  [cozplay-demos](https://github.com/cozplay/cozplay-demos) - Prototypes developed by ETC team Cozplay using the Python SDK for Cozmo robot
*  [Cozmo-Voice-Commands](https://github.com/rizal72/Cozmo-Voice-Commands) - Issue multiple voice commands to Cozmo, and watch him execute all of them sequentially
*  [Cozmo-What-Is-This](https://github.com/wwj718/Cozmo-What-Is-This) - use inception-v3 model to identify objects(voice command and image recognition)
*  [cozmo-blockly](https://github.com/maxosprojects/cozmo-blockly) - Cozmo Programming with Blockly
*  [cozmo_beyond](https://github.com/PeterMitrano/cozmo_beyond) - A collection of projects built with the Anki Cozmo SDK
*  [Cozmo-Challenge](https://github.com/GrinningHermit/Cozmo-Challenge) - Playfully learning how to program
*  [CozmoSelfDriveToyUsingCNN](https://github.com/benjafire/CozmoSelfDriveToyUsingCNN) - A toy project for playing some fun by training auto driving Cozmo robot(using CNN)
*  [CozmoLetsRobot](https://github.com/r3n33/CozmoLetsRobot) - Host Anki Cozmo on LetsRobot.tv
*  [CozmoGestureRegonize](https://github.com/benjafire/CozmoGestureRegonize) - using 3DCNN model by Keras to recognize four type gestures, and then preform related actions
*  [CozmoWeather](https://github.com/dwilches/CozmoWeather) - read out loud the weather forecast
*  [Cozmo-Number-Guessing-Game](https://github.com/Cadwallader01/Cozmo-Number-Guessing-Game) - Cozmo asks you to pick a number 1-10 that he is thinking of.

# Resources

### Articles

### Videos

### Books

# Community
* [forums](https://forums.anki.com) - Cozmo SDK Forums

# Contributing

Your contributions are always welcome! To add, remove, or change things on the list: Submit a pull request. See [CONTRIBUTING](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

Commit message:

Add Fun with Robotics channel on videos part

README.md, after:

# Awesome Cozmo [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of awesome Anki Cozmo projects and resources. Feel free to contribute!

- [SDK](#sdk)
- [Tools](#tools)
- [Projects](#projects)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Community](#community)

---

# SDK
* [cozmo-python-sdk](https://github.com/anki/cozmo-python-sdk) - Anki Cozmo - Python SDK
* [cozmo-csharp-sdk](https://github.com/anki/cozmo-csharp-sdk) - Anki Cozmo CSharp SDK

# Tools
*  [cozmo-tools](https://github.com/touretzkyds/cozmo-tools) - Tools for programming Anki's Cozmo robot.
*  [Cozmo-Explorer-Tool](https://github.com/GrinningHermit/Cozmo-Explorer-Tool) - Tool for monitoring events, watching the camera feed and test animations of Anki's robot Cozmo
*  [Cozmo-Animation-Explorer](https://github.com/GrinningHermit/Cozmo-Animation-Explorer) - Web interface to test all animations of the robot Cozmo from Anki
*  [ScratchCozmoSDK](https://github.com/madfrog54321/ScratchCozmoSDK) - Scratch extension to program the Cozmo robot from Anki
*  [scratch-cozmo-extension](https://github.com/khanning/scratch-cozmo-extension) - Test ScratchX extension for Cozmo robot from Anki
*  [cozmo-slack](https://github.com/codeaid-dev/cozmo-slack) - You can control Cozmo by Slack


# Projects
*  [cozmo_driver](https://github.com/OTL/cozmo_driver) - Anki cozmo ROS driver
*  [cozplay-demos](https://github.com/cozplay/cozplay-demos) - Prototypes developed by ETC team Cozplay using the Python SDK for Cozmo robot
*  [Cozmo-Voice-Commands](https://github.com/rizal72/Cozmo-Voice-Commands) - Issue multiple voice commands to Cozmo, and watch him execute all of them sequentially
*  [Cozmo-What-Is-This](https://github.com/wwj718/Cozmo-What-Is-This) - use inception-v3 model to identify objects(voice command and image recognition)
*  [cozmo-blockly](https://github.com/maxosprojects/cozmo-blockly) - Cozmo Programming with Blockly
*  [cozmo_beyond](https://github.com/PeterMitrano/cozmo_beyond) - A collection of projects built with the Anki Cozmo SDK
*  [Cozmo-Challenge](https://github.com/GrinningHermit/Cozmo-Challenge) - Playfully learning how to program
*  [CozmoSelfDriveToyUsingCNN](https://github.com/benjafire/CozmoSelfDriveToyUsingCNN) - A toy project for playing some fun by training auto driving Cozmo robot(using CNN)
*  [CozmoLetsRobot](https://github.com/r3n33/CozmoLetsRobot) - Host Anki Cozmo on LetsRobot.tv
*  [CozmoGestureRegonize](https://github.com/benjafire/CozmoGestureRegonize) - using 3DCNN model by Keras to recognize four type gestures, and then preform related actions
*  [CozmoWeather](https://github.com/dwilches/CozmoWeather) - read out loud the weather forecast
*  [Cozmo-Number-Guessing-Game](https://github.com/Cadwallader01/Cozmo-Number-Guessing-Game) - Cozmo asks you to pick a number 1-10 that he is thinking of.

# Resources

### Articles

### Videos
* [Fun with Robotics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALyck7rXkB4&list=PLVENM3OUQBSDXawxaWe9cNpp2oNh1RcRD) - Youtube channel about Code Lab, SDK and with showcases

### Books

# Community
* [forums](https://forums.anki.com) - Cozmo SDK Forums

# Contributing

Your contributions are always welcome! To add, remove, or change things on the list: Submit a pull request. See [CONTRIBUTING](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.
